---
layout: post
title:  It's a Big One - OneOps Release 2017-01
published: true
authors: [klohia, ksaroya, mmoser]
---

We are kicking off the year 2017 with a release that brings a host of new features and bug fixes. And there are
some significant ones like support for the [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com/), various
improvements for Windows computes and a number of UI enhancements.

And we are not slowing down either. The next release is already in the pipeline with numerous merges pending. But
let's not get ahead of ourselves. Check out what is in the new 17.01.04 release first.

<!--more-->


# New Features

- Support for [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com/) usage as cloud provider 
- API for cloud offerings (do we need to document this somewhere in more detail? and link to it?)
- New _Timeline_ tab in the _Design_ section showing releases
- New _Timeline_ tab in the environment transition section showing releases
- Logstash forwarder for Windows
- Nagios support for Windows
- Logrotate support for Windows
- Support for Windows VM to join a domain service
- Ability to version control configuration as backend API
- Option to suppress load alerts during compute replacement
- Ability to create separate alerts for different socket states
- Bulk pull of a design to multiple environments
- Log4j property configuration support for Tomcat
- Built-in database backup strategy
- Auto-pause feature for deployment before deployment steps

# Bug Fixes and Improvements

Numerous bug fixes made it into this release. Here is a list of the more significant ones: 

- Fixed nginx status action and website repair
- Correction on state counter values in notification
- Some text for https://jira.walmart.com/browse/PLONEOPS-13579
- Allow chaining of global variables and correct interpolation
- Updated look and feel for action buttons
- Enable access to local platform variables in action recipes
- Redis pack deployment and compute replacement fixes
- Tomcat pack upgraded to Tomcat 7.0.70

Enjoy,

_OneOps Team_
